Kiriwo, wait!
Huh?
About that Grand Prize.
Well, we should go for it!
The grand, uh... what, now?
Yeah, you've got pure,
true ambition.
I must say, you and I...
...we're so much alike,
it's almost scary.
[ASMODEUS]
Th-the Grand Prize?
[IRUMA]
Yeah. So I was wondering
if maybe
you'd both help out.
[crying]
Uh, you okay?
But of course, sir!
I couldn't stand
that some snarky cretins
who can barely tie
their own shoes
had the colossal nerve
to call your Battler
"storage space!"
Let us do this!
Sounds so fun!
Now let's go kablooey!
Yeah!
Aw, thanks, you guys!
-[chuckling]
-[CLARA] Kablooey!
Heya!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
A very good morning to you!
Good morning, all.
The time has finally come.
Sure has!
Now, the Grand Prize!
We'll do whatever it takes
to get it!
-Right!
-Yeah!
[CLARA]
Gonna, gonna do my best!
-[chuckles]
-Gonna, gonna do my best!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson of a demon
named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"Party Eve."
[BOY 1] Sweet apples!
Get your sweet apples, here!
[GIRL]
We've got cotton candy!
-[BOY 2] Whoa! I caught it!
-[BOY 3] Wow! Nice job!
This is the official kickoff
of the long-awaited Party Eve
of our school's biggest
and favorite event,
the Battler Party!
Now let's all have a blast,
what do you say?!
[STUDENTS]
Yeah!
And the Grand Prize
is up for grabs!
[STUDENTS]
Yeah!
Oh wow.
FYI, our show begins
after sundown.
We should scout
the other Battlers' booths
as we walk
around the venue.
Good idea!
And we can wear
cool disguises!
I have some
for all of you.
Are you a pink Come-Come?
Not exactly subtle!
Come on,
put it on already.
-Why bother even scouting, then?
-It'll be fine. Put them on.
I must say,
that's fresh indeed.
I have to go conserve
my energy,
so I'm leaving the scoutin'
to you guys, okay?
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
'Kay!
[CAPTAIN]
Step right up!
How about an ogre-sized
serving of yakisoba?
It's devi irresistible!
Come get it
while it's hot!
Now, listen up!
We, the Yakisoba Battler,
are going to take
the Grand Prize
with our special yakisoba.
-Ya got that?!
-[SQUAD] Yeah!
-The size'll win the prize!
Let's make sure folks smell
our amazing food
so we get some challengers!
It'll bring your mouth
to its knees!
Try to eat all of it,
I dare you!
[SQUAD]
Yeah, just try!
[laughter]
[IRUMA]
Pardon me.
-[CAPTAIN] Huh?
-Can I try that?
Oh, you think you can
handle that? Huh?
[laughing]
Huh?
[ALL]
[exhales]
Thanks for the little snack,
you guys. [humming]
Uh, Captain? We don't have
any ingredients left!
Is he a monster?
No, a demon!
-[stall crashes]
-[ALL crying]
My, my,
that's too bad.
Master Iruma could eat
twice that amount
in the blink of an eye.
Oh, that was so good!
-[laughing]
-Hmm?
Hey, Sabnock.
[SABNOCK]
That was some truly
first-rate eating,
my rival.
Though it's too bad,
I shall take the Grand Prize!
What are you getting at?
Our Magical Apparatus Battler
is who will reign supreme!
[electricity crackling]
[BOTH growl]
Easy, easy,
It can slide.
The Party Eve is meant
to be enjoyed, after all.
The instructors won't be judging
the Battlers
until the Party Day
tomorrow, anyway.
The Party Eve is a festival
for students to have fun
and ease into preparation
for tomorrow.
So what are you planning to do
for the Party Day, Sabnock?
Ah. An outstanding query.
I shall perform an action scene
about the Demon King!
We're enacting an anecdote
about a former Demon King!
It'll be a massacre that
will get your blood boiling!
And, of course, I am playing
the Demon King!
[CLARA] Woo-hoo!
Great casting! [giggles]
What?! Master Iruma is far
better suited for that role!
[laughs]
So you see, my Battler
shall win the Grand Prize!
[BOY] Well then,
challenge accepted!
Oh?
-[IRUMA/ASMODEUS] Hmm?
-[CLARA] Huh?
-Yo.
-Classmate.
What's up, Jazz?
Our whole class is here!
[GOEMON]
Festival time.
[SCHNEIDER]
Life is a party.
What they said!
[CAMUI]
How very exciting.
[LEAD]
Heya!
Yay! The gang's all here!
[laughs]
We were all wandering,
and somehow we bumped
into each other.
[LEAD/SCHNEIDER/GOEMON/PICERO]
Somehow.
It wasn't merely somehow,
I believe it was fate!
I love you.
Shall we all sample
this intriguing dish
I recently acquired? Hup!
[yells]
[exhales]
Come on, everybody,
you should all have some!
[ALL]
Thanks! Let's dig in!
Yummy!
As they say,
I eat, therefore I am.
Which Battler did you decide
to join, Jazz?
[gulps]
The New Magic Battler.
Just as the name says,
we're creating
all new magic
and presenting something
completely new as well.
We're gonna generate water
from a rock!
[water drips]
-[IRUMA] Wow.
-[CLASS] Whoa!
I'm not trying to be
a braggart or anything,
but I'm pretty sure
it's gonna be awesome.
I see they're going to be
rather formidable foes.
I wanna see!
That's nothing!
Our Game Battler is going
to let you experience
a game hands-on
and all-in!
You'll put on
a virtual sorcerer's hat
and go on a quest!
[IRUMA] That sounds fun!
I wanna try!
But if you get too into it,
there'll be no coming back!
What?
Ah, dreams are better anyway.
[yawns]
[CAMUI]
Can I explore an island
where beautiful women
will lust after me?
-Nope, sorry.
-Aah!
[LEAD] But you can experience
being a superstar dem-dol.
I think I want to try that.
It sounds perfect for me!
Why don't the three of us
make our debut together?
What?
No way,
I couldn't possibly.
Some of the other things
to look out for
are the splendid
underwater circus
and the Magic Beast battles.
[IRUMA]
Whoa.
Every Battler this year
seems to have brought
their work
to a whole new level.
We're up against these guys?
Oh yeah! We're gonna go
kablooey and then--
Hey, that's a secret!
-[grunts]
-[GORGON SNAKE chomps]
[CLARA giggling]
We're up so high!
[IRUMA]
Clara! Are you okay?!
Anyway, you're really gonna
have to stand out
to get the Grand Prize.
[gasps]
[firework whistling]
[firework explodes]
[IRUMA]
We totally have a chance!
Why are you smirking
like that?
Huh? Well...
[nervous laughter]
[indistinct chatter]
[ASMODEUS] We,
the Magical Apparatus Battler,
will get the Grand Prize.
Now let us be off!
Come on, let's go!
Yeah, wait up, you guys!
See you later.
Indeed.
-Iruma!
-Huh?
I'm still the one who'll take
the Grand Prize,
but I look forward
to your Battler's presentation.
Yeah! You should!
Yes.
Now, let's review the plan
one more time
before Kiriwo returns.
It's "Strike Fast
for Certain Victory."
-Strike Fast.
-Certain Party.
Victory!
[clear throat]
Our opportune moment comes
at Party Day countdown.
After the Party Eve,
all students gather
in the central plaza
to hear the bell mark
the start of Party Day.
[bell tolls]
The minute that bell
stops ringing...
[firework whistling]
[firework explodes]
We'll set the fireworks off,
stealing everyone's attention.
We will begin the show
with a great, big bang
and then follow up with
the smaller, pretty fireworks
in an orderly fashion
so we can get,
and keep,
everyone's attention.
Done.
That is the basic summation.
-Ohh!
-[IRUMA laughs]
Strike first, strike fast!
-Yay for party!
-Wrong!
[clears throat]
It's a bit far from our
location to the central plaza,
but it'll be nighttime,
so the lights and sound
should be enough
to hook them in.
Ooh, me. Me!
I wanna shoot
the fireworks off, can I?!
Only Master Iruma
is qualified
and worthy of handling
such a crucial task!
Aw, you're such a meanie!
Boo, boo!
That's alright,
Clara can do it.
What are you saying?
You're the only one
for the job,
Iruma, sir!
If you say so.
[ASMODEUS]
Its construction is flawless.
It's programmed to fire
the rockets exactly ten seconds
after the fuse is lit.
I will provide
the official flame to start...
-[flame whooshing]
-...and then, Master,
you can light the fuse!
-[CLARA] Like this?
-Yes, exactly! Just like--
Hmm? Aah!
[giggles]
It's lit.
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS]
Huhhh?!
-[BOTH scream]
-Put it out! Quickly now!
[grunting]
-It won't go out!
-Get down!
[ALL grunt]
[smoke hissing]
Huh? Misfire?
Huhh! Thank goodness
for that.
I truly feared
the worst had happened.
Hey! Wait,
did I do something wrong?
You did everything wrong!
We were supposed to wait
until the Party Day begins!
I just finished
explaining that!
[frustrated grunt]
-Oh, yeah!
-[IRUMA/ASMODEUS groan]
Don't "oh yeah" me!
I'm so sorry!
-Not good enough!
-Now, now.
You should've let us know
the shell wasn't in there!
Huh? Well, I don't know
anything about that.
But we obviously put
the shell in there, right?
Yeah, where could the shell
have gone, though?
[grunts]
Oh boy.
[sighs]
I can't believe how heavy
this thing is.
I can barely even stand.
Now, then...
...it's time to kick off
our last party.
[SULLIVAN] Are we still dragging
this interrogation out, boys?
[OFFICER]
Investigations involving humans
can get quite complex.
It'll take a while,
I'm afraid.
I see.
In that case, check!
-Huh?
-[crying]
-Yay! Too bad I win!
-I lost again!
Please! One more time!
Just one more game!
Please, come on!
I promise this will be
the last game! Oh, come on--
Honestly.
He seems like
a peaceful fellow, but...
...according to our intel,
he illegally entered
the human world
and is holding
a human teenager
against his will.
Is this correct, Baal?
Who can say?
Baal.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the story
my trusty little birdie told me,
and I'm sticking to it.
Besides, you have
your own intel, right?
That's why you've got all
these guards hanging around.
What is this, anyway,
your own personal goon squad?
[ALL grumbling]
They're here in case
he tries to escape.
We need to have
all relevant parties here
until his name is cleared.
Although, I agree
it's rather rude
to keep Lord Sullivan here
for too long.
So, then, what to do,
I wonder.
Might as well take
your time.
If this comes to nothing,
all the better.
Though, if I'm being
totally frank with you,
this might very well be
what some call
the calm before the storm.
[AMERI]
Where the devil did Iruma go?
It's already sundown.
I hope he's actually prepared
for his big surprise.
[giggles]
I'm finally going to see
that scene
from the forbidden texts
in real life.
We've now patrolled
this area extensively.
Uh, yes, very good!
You seem distressed, Boss.
Is there something
bothering you?
No! I'm fine!
There's nothing wrong.
But given how exposed
these kinds of events are,
trouble could be just
around the corner.
Let's all be
on our guard.
Understood.
You scared me
a little bit, there.
If you get it, let's go.
[ALL]
Yes, boss!
[AMERI]
Honestly, this is so silly.
What am I even doing?!
I need to focus
on my duties more.
And, Iruma,
you should do the same.
[EIKO]
Want to go here next?
It says we can interact
with some friendly
Magic Beasts.
[GAAKO] Ew, I don't like
They're sorta smelly
and might bite you.
[slurping]
[EIKO] Hey, you think Iruma
might like Magic Beasts?
Um, I think most boys do,
actually.
So you're saying we could
probably run into him there!
Oh yay!
Where'd Kiriwo go?
We need to find him soon!
Iruma, sir!
He's nowhere
to be found.
I've checked
all the obvious places
like the cafeteria
and the inner courtyard.
I see.
I peeked into
the Battler room,
but he wasn't there either.
Where could he have gone?
Probably went to the Party Eve
all by himself!
-It's not fair!
-Ugh, you did the same thing!
Will you knock it off?!
I swear it,
I was looking for him
while I was fooling around!
-Let me go!
-[laughs]
Perhaps it would help us
to broaden our search, yes?
[IRUMA] But he couldn't have
gotten far with the shell.
He doesn't have
that much stamina.
[grunts]
Maybe he really did
run away, then.
It's possible he decided
that the fireworks would fail
and had a last-minute
panic attack.
How dare he?!
If he did,
it'll set back our launch.
-[IRUMA] Don't worry.
-[ASMODEUS/CLARA] Huh?
We don't know for sure it was
Kiriwo who took it.
Besides...
...he believes in achieving
his goals fair and square.
He wouldn't do that!
Everything's gonna be fine!
Yes, you're right.
So, Azz, Clara,
let's wait.
Because we all believe
in our friend!
-Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
-Indeed.
[BAAL]
Kiriwo.
You sure hold one hell
of a grudge, kid.
Or... is it drive?
Do you think so?
[chuckles]
You are so warped.
It's gruesome how you wear
that smile on the outside
but are rotten to the core
on the inside.
[laughs]
Such harsh words,
Big Bro!
[BAAL] At least
you're straightforward.
Don't get me wrong,
you're twisted as hell,
but you're always
completely candid.
Most of all,
you're not wrong.
It's a great reminder
of the one and only way
a demon should behave!
I'll prepare the stage
for you, Kiriwo.
Take that ambition you've got
packed in your throat
and set it free!
[gasps]
It's here, Big Bro.
My time's come.
[stretching]
I am so thrilled.
Everything ends today.
Or does it?
No, it's just starting.
[STUDENTS chattering]
Maybe it's the lighting,
but somehow
the boys always look cooler
than usual at these events.
Yeah, I get that!
Asmodeus is the only demon
for me!
[seething]
Taking too long!
Pay me now!
[GOEMON grunting]
Don't stop,
keep 'em coming!
I can slice things
till my arms fall off!
[SCHNEIDER]
Believe the magic!
Where there's a will,
there's a way!
Hey, Professor!
Do you wanna try one?
[ROBIN]
Cool!
Thanks,
they look delicious!
No way I can eat
all this alone.
[growls]
-Banana, Acting Chair-Demon?
-No!
Aww, come on! Aww!
[chomps]
Hey, wait for me!
-[CLARA] Iruma-kins!
-[laughs]
Yahoo! Hurry! Hurry!
Sure!
[laughing]
[BAAL]
Kiriwo,
you're not wrong
about any of this.
Now do your duty!
[shatters]
-Hmm?
-[explosion booms]
[ALL screaming]
[screams]
What in the world?!
-[ALL screaming]
-[explosion booms]
Oh no!
[whimpering]
[ALL]
Huh?
[straining]
[ALL fawning]
My, aren't you just
the bravest?
Hey! What just happened?
[GIRL]
What's going on?!
That was really terrifying.
[snoring]
Quickly, ladies!
To my side, at once!
Calm down! Make sure the
students and staff are alright!
All faculty should check
their stations! Hurry!
Yes, sir!
That means
you too, Robin. Go!
No! I'm staying here and
helping you, Acting Chair-Demon!
[grumbles]
Oh wow!
That was...
What happened?!
Azz, Clara!
You both okay?
-Yes, sir!
-Totally fine!
Oh good.
Looks like everyone else
is okay, too.
What even was that?
I have no idea, but we should
probably get out--
[ASMODEUS/CLARA gasp]
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma, sir!
-That hurt.
What happened to you?
It sounds crazy,
but... it felt
like I bumped
into something.
Huh? But I don't see any...
[gasps]
There's a wall,
and it's invisible.
Yeah, you're right!
-Something's there!
-[BOY 1] What's going on?
[BOY 2] There are
invisible walls everywhere!
[BOY 3]
Are we trapped inside?
[GIRL]
Wait, seriously?
[BOY 4]
What the hell?!
Why are we blocked off?!
Is this...
[KIRIWO]
Hmm. Now, then...
...let's get
the real party started!
Su... Ki... Ma.
[ASMODEUS]
There's an invisible wall
separating Master Iruma
and me!
He's so close
and yet so far away!
I'm right here, yet I can't be
of service to him!
[crying]
Oh why?!
Aw, don't cry, Azz!
[crying]
Not you, too!
I see,
you must be sad
about being cruelly separated
from Master Iruma, too.
Ahhh! For once,
we are true comrades!
My takoyaki's
gonna get cold!
Eiko here,
and my first Battler Party's
been amazing!
The only thing
that would be better
is geting c-closer to Iruma.
I-Iruma!
I'm going to muster up
the courage
to call your name!
Iru-- Ow!
What is this,
an invisible wall?
Next time,
"Run, Iruma, to Kiriwo!"
Iruma's running away!
Wait, come back!
♪